[ci visibility] Add link to Jenkins instructions in custom tags and metrics (#15377)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_pipelines/custom_tags_and_metrics.md

- CircleCI
- GitLab (SaaS or self-hosted >= 14.1)
- GitHub.com (SaaS) **Note:** For GitHub, tags and metrics can only be added to the pipeline span.

> - Jenkins **Note:** For Jenkins, you need to follow [these instructions][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Jenkins **Note:** For Jenkins, follow [these instructions][5] to set up custom tags in your pipelines.
```
